huh right on time excellent it's been
exactly 12 hours since we administered
the drug I trust your dreams were
pleasant big boss what are you talking
about now please drop the act I know all
about you boss I would you before I
called you make it snake sounds like you
got the right guy who you my name is
lieutenant Cunningham until four weeks
ago I was with the CIA Cunningham Fox
units interrogation specialist ah so you
have heard of me I'm honored snake and
those guys who attacked me they were Fox
two yeah although we'll leave it at that
for now what do you want from me I'm
retired from Fox I'm guessing this isn't
a social call or you wouldn't brought
the goons retired yeah I suppose you are
to the outside world don't worry I'm not
here to give you a new mission I just
want to ask you one simple question six
years ago as a member of Fox you
prevented a full-scale nuclear war you
were hailed as a true patriot given the
title of big boss by the president
and then you turn right around and quit
the unit to reside your rank your good
name mysterious don't you think what did
you see out there on your mission what
did you see in Grozny grad where is the
legacy you mean the Philosopher's legacy
yes the secret cache of funds are masked
by the big three during the Second World
War where is it if you're looking for
the legacy try the CIA they're the ones
who took it after the mission six years
ago yeah simply apply the right type of
pain to the right degree at just the
right location it's always been my
policy for persuasion and I found it to
be quite effective the CIA only
recovered half of the legacy from the
Soviets after operation Snake Eater and
you know where the other half went the
CIA only got half you can drop the act
you defeated the boss and returned alive
so you must know where the other half of
the legacy is and now you're gonna tell
me snake don't have a clue that's too
bad because I'd hate to have to continue
persuading you like this come lad
no matter we have plenty of time sooner
or later I'm sure it'll all come back to
you wait this is an official mission is
it what happened to major 0 tell me the
truth Cunningham this is an official Fox
mission for now